# Assignment 8: Design

This application has two major components: makePassword and passwordJS, and two sub functions: toHash and verifyPasword.

## makePassword

- Input: the path of the file, named passwordFileName, of the password collection that follows an email:password pattern
  and the path of the file, named passwordEncFileName, that the encrypted file will be written. For the unit test, the
  default arguments are './password.txt' and './password.enc.txt'
- Output: an encrypted text file is created that follows an email.hash pattern
- Process: the passwordFileName will be read and a hashed password will be generated using the toHash() function for
  each password in the file. After that, the result will be written in an encrypted text file following a email:hash
  pattern.

## passswordJS

- Input: passwordJS is a component that can be run on the terminal and needs to pass arguments for the encrypted file
  name, user email and user password.
- Output: returns a boolean
- Process: The encrypted file will be read and a search will be done for the entered user. If it matches a user in the
  file, verifyPassword() will be called to ensure the match.If the user is found on the encrypted file and its password
  matches the corresponding hashed password, then true will be returned. If it does not match, then it will return
  false. Also, if the user email is not found in the file, then it will also return false.

## toHash

- Input: a string for the user password
- Output: a hashed password
- Process: a hashed password is generated by using bcrypt and is returned once generated.

## verifyPassword

- Input: string for the user password, string for the user password, string for the email that has a corresponding
  hashed password, a string for that hashed password
- Output: returns a boolean
- Process: If the user password matches the encrypted password, then it will return true. Otherwise, false.